AUGUST 10th TO AUGUST 20th, ESPECIALLY THE 20th, THAT COULD
ESPECIALLY THE 20th, THAT COULD MENTION AND CONFIRM THIS NEHR
MENTION AND CONFIRM THIS NEHR NARRATIVE.
NARRATIVE. LET’S LISTEN INTO THE BREAKING
LET’S LISTEN INTO THE BREAKING NEWS.
NEWS. >> SPEAKER PELOSI IN THIS ROOM,
>> SPEAKER PELOSI IN THIS ROOM, AND THE LONGEST SHUT DOWN IN
AND THE LONGEST SHUT DOWN IN AMERICAN HISTORY WILL FINDLY END
AMERICAN HISTORY WILL FINDLY END TODAY.
TODAY. THE PRESIDENT HAS AGREED TO OUR
THE PRESIDENT HAS AGREED TO OUR REQUEST TO OPEN THE GOVERNMENT
REQUEST TO OPEN THE GOVERNMENT AND THEN DEBATE BORDER SECURITY.
AND THEN DEBATE BORDER SECURITY. WHICH IS GREAT NEWS FOR 800,000
WHICH IS GREAT NEWS FOR 800,000 FEDERAL WORKERS AND MILLIONS OF
FEDERAL WORKERS AND MILLIONS OF AMERICANS THAT IT DEPEND ON
AMERICANS THAT IT DEPEND ON GOVERNMENT SERVICES.
GOVERNMENT SERVICES. AS DEMOCRATS SAID ALL ALONG THE
AS DEMOCRATS SAID ALL ALONG THE SOLUTION TO THIS IMPASSE WAS
SOLUTION TO THIS IMPASSE WAS SEPARATE FUNDING FOR THE
SEPARATE FUNDING FOR THE GOVERNMENT AND THEN GO OVER OUR
GOVERNMENT AND THEN GO OVER OUR DISAGREEMENT FROM BORDER
DISAGREEMENT FROM BORDER SECURITY.
SECURITY. SEPARATE THE FUNDING OF
SEPARATE THE FUNDING OF GOVERNMENT FROM THE DISCUSSION
GOVERNMENT FROM THE DISCUSSION ON BORDER SECURITY AND THAT’S
ON BORDER SECURITY AND THAT’S WHAT WE GOT.
WHAT WE GOT. AND DEMOCRATS IN THE SENATE AND
AND DEMOCRATS IN THE SENATE AND IN THE HOUSE WERE UNITED BEHIND
IN THE HOUSE WERE UNITED BEHIND THIS POSITION THROUGHOUT THE
THIS POSITION THROUGHOUT THE POSITION AND ULTIMATELY THIS
POSITION AND ULTIMATELY THIS AGREEMENT ENDORSES OUR POSITION.
AGREEMENT ENDORSES OUR POSITION. IT REOPENS THE GOVERNMENT
IT REOPENS THE GOVERNMENT WITHOUT PRECONDITIONS.
WITHOUT PRECONDITIONS. IT GIVES DEMOCRATS AND
IT GIVES DEMOCRATS AND REPUBLICANS AN OPPORTUNITY TO
REPUBLICANS AN OPPORTUNITY TO DISCUSS BORDER SECURITY.
DISCUSS BORDER SECURITY. WITHOUT HOLDING HUNDREDS OF
WITHOUT HOLDING HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS OF AMERICAN WORKERS
THOUSANDS OF AMERICAN WORKERS HOSTAGE.
HOSTAGE. .
. WE EXPECT THE CONTINUING
WE EXPECT THE CONTINUING RESOLUTION TO CLEAR THE SENATE
RESOLUTION TO CLEAR THE SENATE AND CLEAR THE HOUSE.
AND CLEAR THE HOUSE. THIS AFTERNOON AND BE SIGNED BY
THIS AFTERNOON AND BE SIGNED BY THE PRESIDENT TODAY.
THE PRESIDENT TODAY. BEFORE I GO ON, I THINK ON BOTH
BEFORE I GO ON, I THINK ON BOTH OF US, WE WANT TO THANK ALL OF
OF US, WE WANT TO THANK ALL OF THE FEDERAL WORKERS FROM THE
THE FEDERAL WORKERS FROM THE BOTTOM OF OUR HEARTS.
BOTTOM OF OUR HEARTS. THEY HAVE WORKED SO SELFLESSLY
THEY HAVE WORKED SO SELFLESSLY THIS PAST MONTH WITHOUT PAY
THIS PAST MONTH WITHOUT PAY SHOWING UP TO DO A JOB THEY KNEW
SHOWING UP TO DO A JOB THEY KNEW WAS IMPORTANT BUT FOR WHICH THEY
WAS IMPORTANT BUT FOR WHICH THEY WERE NOT FAIRLY COMPENSATED.
WERE NOT FAIRLY COMPENSATED. THEY WERE TREATED AS HOSTAGES,
THEY WERE TREATED AS HOSTAGES, THEY WERE TREATED AS PAWNS,
THEY WERE TREATED AS PAWNS, THEIR FINANCIAL STRAIN WAS BE
THEIR FINANCIAL STRAIN WAS BE LITTLED.
LITTLED. OUR DEDICATED PUBLIC SERVANTS
OUR DEDICATED PUBLIC SERVANTS SHOULD NEVER HAVE TO GO THROUGH
SHOULD NEVER HAVE TO GO THROUGH THIS AGAIN.
THIS AGAIN. WE WILL DO EVERYTHING WE HAVE
WE WILL DO EVERYTHING WE HAVE TO.
TO. OUR SERVICE WAS TO THE AMERICAN
OUR SERVICE WAS TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE, WHETHER IT IS OUR FOOD
PEOPLE, WHETHER IT IS OUR FOOD SAFETY, OUR AIRPORTS, OUR
SAFETY, OUR AIRPORTS, OUR ECONOMY, OUR NATIONAL SECURITY
ECONOMY, OUR NATIONAL SECURITY AND SO MUCH ELSE, THE AMERICAN
AND SO MUCH ELSE, THE AMERICAN PEOPLE DO NOT LIKE IT WHEN YOU
PEOPLE DO NOT LIKE IT WHEN YOU THROW A WRENCH INTO THE LIVES OF
THROW A WRENCH INTO THE LIVES OF GOVERNMENT WORKERS OVER AN
GOVERNMENT WORKERS OVER AN UNRELATED POLITICAL DISPUTE.
UNRELATED POLITICAL DISPUTE. ALL OF THE FEDERAL WORKERS AND
ALL OF THE FEDERAL WORKERS AND WE’RE AGHAST AT WHAT THE
WE’RE AGHAST AT WHAT THE PRESIDENT WAS DOING TO THEM.
PRESIDENT WAS DOING TO THEM. HOPEFULLY NOW THE PRESIDENT HAS
HOPEFULLY NOW THE PRESIDENT HAS LEARNED HIS LESSON.
LEARNED HIS LESSON. NOW ONCE THE PRESIDENT SIGNS THE
NOW ONCE THE PRESIDENT SIGNS THE CONTINUING RESOLUTION, WE WILL
CONTINUING RESOLUTION, WE WILL ROLL UP OUR SLEEVES AND FIND
ROLL UP OUR SLEEVES AND FIND AGREEMENT ON BORDER SECURITY.
AGREEMENT ON BORDER SECURITY. WE DON’T AGREE ON SOME OF IT.
WE DON’T AGREE ON SOME OF IT. DEMOCRATS ARE FIRMLY AGAINST THE
DEMOCRATS ARE FIRMLY AGAINST THE WALL.
WALL. WE AGREE ON MANY THINGS LIKE A
WE AGREE ON MANY THINGS LIKE A NEED FOR DRUG INSPECTION
NEED FOR DRUG INSPECTION TECHNOLOGY.
TECHNOLOGY. AND THAT IS AN EVENTUALLY
AND THAT IS AN EVENTUALLY AGREEMENT BETWEEN SO MANY AREAS
AGREEMENT BETWEEN SO MANY AREAS WHERE WE CAN AGREE.
WHERE WE CAN AGREE. TODAY THE PRESIDENT WILL SIGN A
TODAY THE PRESIDENT WILL SIGN A BILL TO REOPEN THE GOVERNMENT.
BILL TO REOPEN THE GOVERNMENT. HOPEFULLY IT MEANS THAT IT IS A
HOPEFULLY IT MEANS THAT IT IS A LESSON LEARNED FOR THE WHITE
LESSON LEARNED FOR THE WHITE HOUSE AND FOR MANY OF OUR
HOUSE AND FOR MANY OF OUR REPUBLICAN COLLEAGUES.
REPUBLICAN COLLEAGUES. SHUTTING DOWN THE GOVERNMENT
SHUTTING DOWN THE GOVERNMENT OVER A POLICY DIFFERENCE IS
OVER A POLICY DIFFERENCE IS SHELF DEFEATING.
SHELF DEFEATING. IT ACCOMPLISHES NOTHING BUT PAIN
IT ACCOMPLISHES NOTHING BUT PAIN AND PAIN AND SUFFERING AND
AND PAIN AND SUFFERING AND INCURS AN NORM POLITICAL COST.
INCURS AN NORM POLITICAL COST. WE CANNOT EVER HOLD AMERICAN
WE CANNOT EVER HOLD AMERICAN WORKERS HOSTAGE GENE.
WORKERS HOSTAGE GENE. SPEAKER PELOSI.
SPEAKER PELOSI. >> THANK YOU FOR YOUR
>> THANK YOU FOR YOUR LEADERSHIP.
LEADERSHIP. AND FOR BRINGING US TO THIS
AND FOR BRINGING US TO THIS IMPORTANT RESOLUTION NOW WHERE
IMPORTANT RESOLUTION NOW WHERE SHORTLY THE SENATE WILL SEND
SHORTLY THE SENATE WILL SEND OVER TO THE HOUSE THE PAPER THAT
OVER TO THE HOUSE THE PAPER THAT I CAME OVER TO SEE THE ORM PAPER
I CAME OVER TO SEE THE ORM PAPER AND GET IT PROBABLY IN HALF AN
AND GET IT PROBABLY IN HALF AN HOUR, TWO RESOLUTIONS, ONE TO
HOUR, TWO RESOLUTIONS, ONE TO OPEN UP GOVERNMENT FOR ALL OF
OPEN UP GOVERNMENT FOR ALL OF THE AGENCIES OF GOVERNMENT AND
THE AGENCIES OF GOVERNMENT AND TO RECEIVE THE CONFERENCE ON THE
TO RECEIVE THE CONFERENCE ON THE HOMELAND SECURITY BILL.
HOMELAND SECURITY BILL. WE’RE PLEASED THAT WE REACHED AN
WE’RE PLEASED THAT WE REACHED AN AGREEMENT TO REOPEN THE
AGREEMENT TO REOPEN THE GOVERNMENT NOW SO WE CAN HAVE A
GOVERNMENT NOW SO WE CAN HAVE A DISCUSSION ON THE BORDERS.
DISCUSSION ON THE BORDERS. IT IS IMPORTANT TO UNDERSTAND
IT IS IMPORTANT TO UNDERSTAND IMPORTANCE OF SECURING ALL OF
IMPORTANCE OF SECURING ALL OF THE BORDERS AND WE HAVE IDEAS ON
THE BORDERS AND WE HAVE IDEAS ON HOW TO DO THAT, HOUSE DEMOCRATS
HOW TO DO THAT, HOUSE DEMOCRATS LOOK FORWARD TO WORKING ON IT IN
LOOK FORWARD TO WORKING ON IT IN A BIPARTISAN WAY.
A BIPARTISAN WAY. NOW I’M AN APPROPRIATOR, AND I
NOW I’M AN APPROPRIATOR, AND I WAS FORGED IN THAT CULTURE AND I
WAS FORGED IN THAT CULTURE AND I KNOW THAT LEFT TO THEIR OWN
KNOW THAT LEFT TO THEIR OWN DEVICES THEY CAN COME TO A
DEVICES THEY CAN COME TO A CONCLUSION.
CONCLUSION. LEADERS OF THE HOUSE AND SENATE
LEADERS OF THE HOUSE AND SENATE TO WEIGH IN AND WE WILL HAVE A
TO WEIGH IN AND WE WILL HAVE A VERY PRODUCTIVE TIME IN A SHORT
VERY PRODUCTIVE TIME IN A SHORT PERIOD OF TIME.
PERIOD OF TIME. AND THE DETERMINATION OF THEY
AND THE DETERMINATION OF THEY HAVE SHOWN SOMETHING WITH SUCH
HAVE SHOWN SOMETHING WITH SUCH STRONG CHARACTER, BUT THEY HAVE
STRONG CHARACTER, BUT THEY HAVE TO PAY THE BILLS WHEN THEY COME
TO PAY THE BILLS WHEN THEY COME DUE, A RENT CHECK, PAYING THEIR
DUE, A RENT CHECK, PAYING THEIR MORTGAGE, CREDIT CARD BILLS, CAR
MORTGAGE, CREDIT CARD BILLS, CAR PAYMENT, THE LIST GOES ON.
PAYMENT, THE LIST GOES ON. SOME DIDN’T HAVE GAS MONEY
SOME DIDN’T HAVE GAS MONEY BECAUSE THEY DIDN’T HAVE CASH OR
BECAUSE THEY DIDN’T HAVE CASH OR A LINE OF ABILITY TO PUT GAS IN
A LINE OF ABILITY TO PUT GAS IN THE CAR TO GO TO WORK.
THE CAR TO GO TO WORK. IT IS REALLY HARD FOR SOME IN
IT IS REALLY HARD FOR SOME IN THE ADMINISTRATION TO UNDERSTAND
THE ADMINISTRATION TO UNDERSTAND HOW PEOPLE LIVE PAYCHECK TO
HOW PEOPLE LIVE PAYCHECK TO PAYCHECK AND HOW MARGINAL SOME
PAYCHECK AND HOW MARGINAL SOME OF THEIR EXISTENCES ARE.
OF THEIR EXISTENCES ARE. IT MAKES A DIFFERENCE IN HOW
IT MAKES A DIFFERENCE IN HOW THEY EDUCATE THEIR CHILDREN, HOW
THEY EDUCATE THEIR CHILDREN, HOW THEY PUT FOOD ON THE TABLE, HOW
THEY PUT FOOD ON THE TABLE, HOW THEY PAY THEIR RENT, ET CETERA.
THEY PAY THEIR RENT, ET CETERA. SO WE THANK THEM AND WE’RE SO
SO WE THANK THEM AND WE’RE SO GLAD AS THE PRESIDENT SAID
GLAD AS THE PRESIDENT SAID EARLIER, THAT AS SOON AS OR
EARLIER, THAT AS SOON AS OR IMMEDIATELY.
IMMEDIATELY. I DON’T FWHEE IS FASTKNOW WHAT I
I DON’T FWHEE IS FASTKNOW WHAT I THE QUICKEST OF THE TWO, THEY
THE QUICKEST OF THE TWO, THEY WILL RECEIVE THEIR BACK PAY
WILL RECEIVE THEIR BACK PAY TODAY.
TODAY. I’M THANKFUL TO DEMOCRATS ON
I’M THANKFUL TO DEMOCRATS ON BOTH SIDES OF THE CAPITAL, FOR
BOTH SIDES OF THE CAPITAL, FOR THEIR UNITY, THAT WAS VERY, VERY
THEIR UNITY, THAT WAS VERY, VERY IMPORTANT IN THESE DISCUSSIONS.
IMPORTANT IN THESE DISCUSSIONS. THEY SAID IT TOOK THIS LONG TO
THEY SAID IT TOOK THIS LONG TO COME TO AN OBVIOUS CONCLUSION.
COME TO AN OBVIOUS CONCLUSION. SOMETIMES PUTTING IN QUESTION
SOMETIMES PUTTING IN QUESTION THE CREDIT HOW PEOPLE’S CREDIT
THE CREDIT HOW PEOPLE’S CREDIT IS VIEWED, AND THAT IS
IS VIEWED, AND THAT IS PARTICULARLY PROBLEMATIC IF OUR
PARTICULARLY PROBLEMATIC IF OUR VETERANS, MANY OF WHOM ARE IN
VETERANS, MANY OF WHOM ARE IN THEIR JOBS WITH SECURITY
THEIR JOBS WITH SECURITY CLEARANCES, AND A SECURITY
CLEARANCES, AND A SECURITY CLEARANCE IS AFFECTED IF YOUR
CLEARANCE IS AFFECTED IF YOUR CREDIT RATING IS HURT, SO THEY
CREDIT RATING IS HURT, SO THEY ARE MOVING ON TO THE CIVILIAN
ARE MOVING ON TO THE CIVILIAN SIDE AND WE WANT THEM TO HAVE
SIDE AND WE WANT THEM TO HAVE ALL OF THE RESPECT THEY DESERVE
ALL OF THE RESPECT THEY DESERVE AS WELL AS OTHER FEDERAL AND
AS WELL AS OTHER FEDERAL AND PUBLIC EMPLOYEES WORKING SO HARD
PUBLIC EMPLOYEES WORKING SO HARD TO MEET THE NEEDS OF THE PEOPLE.
TO MEET THE NEEDS OF THE PEOPLE. WE VALUE THEIR PURPOSE AND WE
WE VALUE THEIR PURPOSE AND WE APPRECIATE THEIR DILIGENCE AND
APPRECIATE THEIR DILIGENCE AND THEIR JOBS.
THEIR JOBS. WHETHER OR NOT IT IS AVIATION,
WHETHER OR NOT IT IS AVIATION, OTHER AREAS OF PUBLIC SAFETY,
OTHER AREAS OF PUBLIC SAFETY, AND ALSO JUST IN SO MANY WAYS
AND ALSO JUST IN SO MANY WAYS WHETHER IT IS FOOD SAFETY.
WHETHER IT IS FOOD SAFETY. THE LEST GOES ON.
THE LEST GOES ON. JUST SO YOU’RE FAMILIAR WITH IT.
JUST SO YOU’RE FAMILIAR WITH IT. FOR THE PURPOSE OF THE PUBLIC
FOR THE PURPOSE OF THE PUBLIC EMPLOYEES AND THE EXCELLENCE OF
EMPLOYEES AND THE EXCELLENCE OF THEIR SERVICE.
THEIR SERVICE. DISAGREEMENT IN POLICY SHOULD
DISAGREEMENT IN POLICY SHOULD NEVER BE A REASON TO SHUT DOWN
NEVER BE A REASON TO SHUT DOWN GOVERNMENT, REALLY, ESPECIALLY
GOVERNMENT, REALLY, ESPECIALLY AGAIN FOR A PERIOD OF TIME THAT
AGAIN FOR A PERIOD OF TIME THAT HAS AN IMPACT ON PAYCHECKS.
HAS AN IMPACT ON PAYCHECKS. AND I’M SAD IT HAS TAKEN THIS
AND I’M SAD IT HAS TAKEN THIS LONG, I’M GLAD THAT WE CAME TO A
LONG, I’M GLAD THAT WE CAME TO A CONCLUSION TODAY AS TO HOW THE
CONCLUSION TODAY AS TO HOW THE THREE WEEKS.
THREE WEEKS. I SUPPORT THE DEMOCRATIC SENATE.
I SUPPORT THE DEMOCRATIC SENATE. WE PASSED HIM, BUT TEN TIMES WE
WE PASSED HIM, BUT TEN TIMES WE PASSED THE BILL.
PASSED THE BILL. TEN TIMES WE BROUGHT BILLS TO
TEN TIMES WE BROUGHT BILLS TO THE FLOOR TO OPEN FLOOR.
THE FLOOR TO OPEN FLOOR. THE ONE PRESENTED YESTERDAY WAS
THE ONE PRESENTED YESTERDAY WAS SO SIMPLE.
SO SIMPLE. $12 BILLION FOR DISASTER
$12 BILLION FOR DISASTER ASSISTANCE
ASSISTANCE ASSISTANCE, AND OPEN UP
ASSISTANCE, AND OPEN UP GOVERNMENT FOR TWO WEEKS.
GOVERNMENT FOR TWO WEEKS. REPUBLICANS SAID NO, I THINK THE
REPUBLICANS SAID NO, I THINK THE PUBLIC WEIGHED IN AND PUBLIC
PUBLIC WEIGHED IN AND PUBLIC SENTIMENT IS EVERYTHING.
SENTIMENT IS EVERYTHING. YOU CAN ACCOMPLISH ALMOST
YOU CAN ACCOMPLISH ALMOST EVERYTHING AND WE THANK THE
EVERYTHING AND WE THANK THE PUBLIC FOR WEIGHING IN SO
PUBLIC FOR WEIGHING IN SO STRONGLY FOR PAYING ATTENTION.
STRONGLY FOR PAYING ATTENTION. AND I THINK THAT WILL BE THE
AND I THINK THAT WILL BE THE SUCCESS OF THIS CONFERENCE.
SUCCESS OF THIS CONFERENCE. THE APPROPRIATOR.
THE APPROPRIATOR. BUT THIS CONFERENCE THAT THE
BUT THIS CONFERENCE THAT THE PUBLIC AWARENESS IS SO INCREASED
PUBLIC AWARENESS IS SO INCREASED AND THE PUBLIC INTEREST IN IT IS
AND THE PUBLIC INTEREST IN IT IS SO SHARPENED THAT IT WILL SEE
SO SHARPENED THAT IT WILL SEE WHAT THE DECISIONS ARE THAT WE
WHAT THE DECISIONS ARE THAT WE HAVE TO MAKE.
HAVE TO MAKE. AND HELP WEIGH IN ON THOSE
AND HELP WEIGH IN ON THOSE DECISIONS.
DECISIONS. >> OKAY, WAIT WAIT, ONE AT A
>> OKAY, WAIT WAIT, ONE AT A TIME.
TIME. COME ON WITHIN ONE AT A TIME,
COME ON WITHIN ONE AT A TIME, PLEASE.
PLEASE. >> THE PRESIDENT WANTED HIS WALL
>> THE PRESIDENT WANTED HIS WALL FUNDING FOR A LONG TIME.
FUNDING FOR A LONG TIME. HOW MUCH OF THIS IS ABOUT THE
HOW MUCH OF THIS IS ABOUT THE NEW POWER DYNAMIC AND HIS DESIRE
NEW POWER DYNAMIC AND HIS DESIRE TO SHOW YOU WHO IS REALLY IN
TO SHOW YOU WHO IS REALLY IN CHARGE?
CHARGE? >> I DON’T GET YOUR QUESTION.
>> I DON’T GET YOUR QUESTION. THE POINT IS TODAY WE HAVE COME
THE POINT IS TODAY WE HAVE COME TO GO FORWARD, TO DEBATE THE
TO GO FORWARD, TO DEBATE THE BEST WAYS TO PROTECT OUR BORDER.
BEST WAYS TO PROTECT OUR BORDER. I DON’T SEE IT AS A POWER PLAY.
I DON’T SEE IT AS A POWER PLAY. >> I’M REFERRING TO THE PAST 36
>> I’M REFERRING TO THE PAST 36 DAYS.
DAYS. >> IF YOU’RE SAYING THE
>> IF YOU’RE SAYING THE PRESIDENT HELD WALL FUNDING TO
PRESIDENT HELD WALL FUNDING TO SHOW WHO IS IN CHARGE, I THINK
SHOW WHO IS IN CHARGE, I THINK THAT IS QUITE A BAD STATEMENT TO
THAT IS QUITE A BAD STATEMENT TO MAKE ABOUT ANY LEADER IN OUR
MAKE ABOUT ANY LEADER IN OUR COUNTRY.
COUNTRY. BUT WHAT I DO SAY IS LET’S GO
BUT WHAT I DO SAY IS LET’S GO FORWARD, GET THIS DONE, THE
FORWARD, GET THIS DONE, THE LEADER MENTIONED LESSONS LEARNED
LEADER MENTIONED LESSONS LEARNED AND HOPE THAT PEOPLE KNOW THAT
AND HOPE THAT PEOPLE KNOW THAT WE CANNOT HOLD OUR PUBLIC
WE CANNOT HOLD OUR PUBLIC EMPLOYEES HOSTAGE BECAUSE WE
EMPLOYEES HOSTAGE BECAUSE WE HAVE A DISAGREEMENT FOR HOW
HAVE A DISAGREEMENT FOR HOW MANY?
MANY? 34 DAYS, OVER ONE MONTH WE HAD
34 DAYS, OVER ONE MONTH WE HAD AN IMPACT ON THEIR LIVES.
AN IMPACT ON THEIR LIVES. I DON’T WANT TO MAKE ANY
I DON’T WANT TO MAKE ANY CHARACTERIZATIONS OF THE
CHARACTERIZATIONS OF THE PRESIDENT’S MOTIVATION, YOU HAVE
PRESIDENT’S MOTIVATION, YOU HAVE TO ASK HIM.
TO ASK HIM. >> SPEAKER PELOSI, DID THE
>> SPEAKER PELOSI, DID THE PRESIDENT UNDERESTIMATE YOU
PRESIDENT UNDERESTIMATE YOU POLITICALLY.
POLITICALLY. AND ARE YOU SHOWING THERE WILL
AND ARE YOU SHOWING THERE WILL NOT BE ANOTHER IMPASSE IN THREE
NOT BE ANOTHER IMPASSE IN THREE WEEKS?
WEEKS? >> I CAN’T ASSURE THE PUBLIC ON
>> I CAN’T ASSURE THE PUBLIC ON ANYTHING THAT THE PRESIDENT WILL
ANYTHING THAT THE PRESIDENT WILL DO BUT I DO HAVE TO SAY I’M
DO BUT I DO HAVE TO SAY I’M OPTIMISTIC.
OPTIMISTIC. I SEE EVERY CHANNEL, EVERY
I SEE EVERY CHANNEL, EVERY CRISIS, AN OPPORTUNITY, AN
CRISIS, AN OPPORTUNITY, AN OPPORTUNITY TO DO THE RIGHT
OPPORTUNITY TO DO THE RIGHT THING FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE.
THING FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE. AND AT THE SAME TIME MAKE PEOPLE
AND AT THE SAME TIME MAKE PEOPLE AWAY OF WHAT THE DECISIONS ARE
AWAY OF WHAT THE DECISIONS ARE THAT WE HAVE HERE AND HOPEFULLY
THAT WE HAVE HERE AND HOPEFULLY THAT WILL MAKE EVERYBODY COME
THAT WILL MAKE EVERYBODY COME TOGETHER IN A WAY THAT IS
TOGETHER IN A WAY THAT IS UNIFYING FOR OUR COUNTRY.
UNIFYING FOR OUR COUNTRY. I CAN’T CHARACTERIZE THE
I CAN’T CHARACTERIZE THE PRESIDENT’S EVALUATION OF ME.
PRESIDENT’S EVALUATION OF ME. >> CAN I SAY ONE MORE THING IN
>> CAN I SAY ONE MORE THING IN REFERENCE TO THAT?
REFERENCE TO THAT? I SUGGESTED TO LEADER McCONNELL
I SUGGESTED TO LEADER McCONNELL THAT WE USE A CONFERENCE
THAT WE USE A CONFERENCE COMMITTEE FORMAT.
COMMITTEE FORMAT. THAT CONFERENCE COMMITTEE HAS
THAT CONFERENCE COMMITTEE HAS DEMOCRATS AND REPUBLICANS, HOUSE
DEMOCRATS AND REPUBLICANS, HOUSE AND SENATE, SITTING AT A TABLE,
AND SENATE, SITTING AT A TABLE, HAS WORKED VERY SUCCESSFULLY ON
HAS WORKED VERY SUCCESSFULLY ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND EVERYTHING
HOMELAND SECURITY AND EVERYTHING AND ALL OF THE OTHER BILLS THAT
AND ALL OF THE OTHER BILLS THAT HAVE NOT BEEN SIGNED OVER THE
HAVE NOT BEEN SIGNED OVER THE LAST SEVERAL YEARS, EVEN WHEN
LAST SEVERAL YEARS, EVEN WHEN THE REPUBLICANS WERE IN CHARGE.
THE REPUBLICANS WERE IN CHARGE. AND SO I’M VERY OPTIMISTIC THE
AND SO I’M VERY OPTIMISTIC THE CONFERENCE COMMITTEE CAN COME TO
CONFERENCE COMMITTEE CAN COME TO A GOOD CONCLUSION AND WE CAN
A GOOD CONCLUSION AND WE CAN AVOID ANOTHER SHUTDOWN.
AVOID ANOTHER SHUTDOWN. GO AHEAD.
GO AHEAD. >> IT IS NOT PLANNED NOW.
>> IT IS NOT PLANNED NOW. WHAT I SAID TO THE PRESIDENT,
WHAT I SAID TO THE PRESIDENT, WHEN THE GOVERNMENT IS OPEN WE
WHEN THE GOVERNMENT IS OPEN WE WILL DISCUSS A MUTUALLY
WILL DISCUSS A MUTUALLY AGREEABLE DATE AND I LOOK
AGREEABLE DATE AND I LOOK FORWARD TO DO THAT AND WELCOME